11012: add documentation for the translation step (#11357)
CDCgov/prime-reportstream: prime-router/docs/universal-pipeline/receive.md

The last thing it does is upload the message to the blob store and triggers the convert step via the Azure queue. 

### Retries

> There is no async processing for this step, so a sender will get immediete response and are responsible for retrying the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no async processing for this step, so a sender will get an immediate response and is responsible for retrying the
```
